abaumannii,Acinetobacter baumannii,
achromobacter,Achromobacter spp.,
aeromonas,Aeromonas spp.,
afumigatus,Aspergillus fumigatus,
arcobacter,Arcobacter spp.,
bcc,Burkholderia cepacia complex,
bcereus,Bacillus cereus,
bhyodysenteriae,Brachyspira hyodysenteriae,
bintermedia,Brachyspira intermedia,
blicheniformis,Bacillus licheniformis,
bordetella,Bordetella spp.,
brachyspira,Brachyspira spp.,
campylobacter,Campylobacter jejuni,
campylobacter,Campylobacter coli,
cbotulinum,Clostridium botulinum,
cconcisus,Campylobacter concisus,
cdifficile,Clostridium difficile,
cdiphtheriae,Corynebacterium diphtheriae,
cfetus,Campylobacter fetus,
chelveticus,Campylobacter helveticus,
chlamydiales,Chlamydiales spp.,
chyointestinalis,Campylobacter hyointestinalis,
cinsulaenigrae,Campylobacter insulaenigrae,
ckrusei,Candida krusei,
clanienae,Campylobacter lanienae,
clari,Campylobacter lari,
cronobacter,Cronobacter spp.,
csepticum,Clostridium septicum,
csputorum,Campylobacter sputorum,
ctropicalis,Candida tropicalis,
cupsaliensis,Campylobacter upsaliensis,
hcinaedi,Helicobacter cinaedi,
hparasuis,Haemophilus parasuis,
hpylori,Helicobacter pylori,
lsalivarius,Lactobacillus salivarius,
mabscessus,Mycobacterium abscessus,
magalactiae,Mycoplasma agalactiae,
mhaemolytica,Mannheimia haemolytica,
mmassiliense,Mycobacterium massiliense,
neisseria,Neisseria spp.,
pacnes,Propionibacterium acnes,
paeruginosa,Pseudomonas aeruginosa,
pgingivalis,Porphyromonas gingivalis,
pmultocida_rirdc,Pasteurella multocida,
sagalactiae,Streptococcus agalactiae,
sinorhizobium,Sinorhizobium spp.,
smaltophilia,Stenotrophomonas maltophilia,
soralis,Streptococcus oralis,
streptomyces,Streptomyces spp.,
suberis,Streptococcus uberis,
szooepidemicus,Streptococcus zooepidemicus,
vparahaemolyticus,Vibrio parahaemolyticus,
vtapetis,Vibrio tapetis,
vvulnificus,Vibrio vulnificus,
wolbachia,Wolbachia spp.,
xfastidiosa,Xylella fastidiosa,
yersinia,Yersinia spp.,
yruckeri,Yersinia ruckeri,